Help your school, office or community get to grips with the latest coronavirus advice by downloading these A3 posters and sticking them around.,Public health experts say the best way to try to stay is well to start by washing your hands.,If you do feel unwell, don't go to your GP - follow these steps.,Here's a reminder of the three key steps.
York Minster has been closed to the public until further notice amid the coronavirus outbreak.,The Minster's Old Palace Museum and Library and Archives in Dean's Park have also shut. ,But Dean's Park - an open space opposite the cathedral - and the Minster School would remain open.,The Minster's governing body, the Chapter of York, said events, concerts and programmes would also be affected and its decision regularly reviewed.,It follows an announcement by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York to ,.,In a statement, The Chapter of York said the closure also applied to its many events, concerts and programmes.,"Even though the Minster will be closed to the public, the Minster clergy will still maintain a pattern of daily prayer, praying for the needs of the nation and our world at this time.",The Right Revd Dr Jonathan Frost, Dean of York said: "We find ourselves in unprecedented times. ,"But the same disciplines of prayer and mutual care that have been life-giving in the past will now serve us well in the future. ,"I'm well aware that in the communities of York and across the North, there are plans developing for mutual aid and for taking care of our neighbours, particularly the most vulnerable and needy." 
Dè na duilgheadasan agus na buannachdan a th' ann a bhith ag obair bhon taigh?
Life under Corona virus, filling forms to stay in the NI, and no more headers for kids.
Live debate examining the moral issues behind one of the week's news stories.
Pat takes you through the morning with special guests and great music.
The World Health Organization says world must be alert to corona virus
The hottest science news, stories and analysis from Dr Karl.
Ikiganiro ku ndwara ya COVID 19 iterwa n'agakoko gashya ko mu bwoko bwa Corona.
A Chinese health worker speaks to Newshour from one of China's 'fever clinics'
Indonesia tingkatkan penelusuran orang-orang yang berkontak dengan pasien virus corona.
Merseyside Police is reviewing "continuity plans" to ensure it remains "efficient and effective" after its chief constable announced he was self-isolating due to coronavirus.,Andy Cooke said he was working from home "in line with national guidance" after developing symptoms.,He said the force was "putting measures in place to ensure we do everything possible to protect our staff".,Mr Cooke added that it was "going to be a tough ride for all organisations".,In a statement, the chief constable said he remained in contact with his senior team and partners in the force and nationally.,"The force is doing everything it can to keep up to speed with the challenges of the spread of this virus," he said.,"Senior officers and supervisors are reviewing business continuity plans and putting measures in place to ensure we do everything possible to protect our officers and staff, so that we can deliver an efficient and effective policing service to our local communities.,"It is going to be a tough ride for all organisations, big and small.",A force spokesman said it was also "currently encouraging the public to use alternative ways of contacting us in a non-emergency". ,"The demand on our 101 number continues to be high and in the current climate, we want to ensure that the people who need us most are able to get hold of us," he said.,He added that crime, anti-social behaviour, fraud, lost or found property, a road traffic incident, a missing person, civil disputes and lost or stolen vehicles could also be reported via the force's website or social media.
What do you make of the government response to the coronavirus?
5 people contract the virus in the Alps from a Briton who had travelled to Singapore
Indonesia mencatat kematian pertama virus corona yang merupakan warga negara asing.
The best floorfillers, party anthems and dance legends. Presented by Richard Latto.
Pemerintah Indonesia mencatat 13 pasien baru positif terjangkit virus corona.
impact of Corona in Itlay
The best floorfillers, party anthems and dance legends. Presented by Richard Latto.
Coronavirus - what do you want the Government to do now?
Motoring journalist Mark James talks about how coronavirus impacts the car industry.
Versi podcast siaran berita pagi BBC News Indonesia
Do you know when and how to self-isolate?
How is the Coronavirus affecting your life? Have you changed your behaviour?
Versi podcast siaran berita pagi BBC News Indonesia.
Versi podcast siaran berita pagi BBC News Indonesia.
WHO memperingatkan upaya memerangi virus corona mencapai titik yang menentukan.
Versi podcast siaran berita pagi BBC News Indonesia
Is the coronavirus starting to change your life?
Stars including Coldplay, Yungblud and Christine And The Queens are live-streaming gigs to combat the "boredom" of self-isolation due to coronavirus.,Coldplay's Chris Martin played an impromptu set on Instagram Live, taking fans' questions and covering David Bowie's Life On Mars.,Country singer Keith Urban also went live on Instagram with his wife, Nicole Kidman, in the background.,He referred to the film star as his "audience of one". ,End of Youtube post  by Coldplay, ,A post shared by , (@keithurban) on ,End of Instagram post  by keithurban,Punk-pop singer Yungblud put on a more ambitious, hour-long show from LA, encouraging fans to mosh at home as he played to an empty room.,"Get on your bed, your kitchen table, your couch - and jump!" exclaimed the musician, staring down the barrel of a camera as he played the recent single Anarchist.,His concert was pulled together in just 72 hours, after his upcoming tour was postponed due to concerns about the spread of coronavirus. ,The hour-long live-stream also included a cooking segment and a comedy drinking game featuring actress Bella Thorne and rapper Machine Gun Kelly (the beer they chose was, of course, Corona).,The star said he wanted to "give people a bit of positivity, laughter, and emotion" in the midst of the coronavirus epidemic, but it also helped him stay positive.,"Having the opportunity to connect with fans taken away from me wasn't gonna be an option," ,. "It's a time to not give up and think out of the box - out of bad situations and despair comes incredible art, no matter what form that may be.",Christine And The Queens is taking a similar approach, staging nightly live shows from the Ferber recording studio in Paris.,"Why not meet everyday at 6pm EST on my Instagram?" wrote the star in a message to fans. "I'll find a way to deal with the ennui. Guests and weird concepts included.",The first video in the series saw the singer perform an acoustic version of her current single, People I've Been Sad, followed around by a camera operator on a squeaky bicycle., ,A post shared by , (@christineandthequeens) on ,End of Instagram post  by christineandthequeens,The idea has been picked up by theatres, too, with the cast of the West End improv show The Showstoppers broadcasting Tuesday's performance live to Facebook, after the Lyric theatre was closed to audiences.,Other artists planning to live-stream shows include Celtic punk band the Dropkick Murphys, who will post their St Patricks Day gig on YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Twitch and Facebook on Tuesday. ,Pop star L Devine will honour every date of her postponed European tour with a live-stream from her house; while John Legend will follow Chris Martin's example with an Instagram Live concert on Tuesday, organised by the World Health Organisation under the banner "Together, at Home".,The shows will provide a much-needed creative outlet and sense of community for artists and fans alike; but they will not make up for the loss of income as the touring circuit effectively shuts down.,The venues that have closed include the Royal Albert Hall, which said the step would be "financially devastating".,"Our doors are made to be open to the world and so it goes against everything in our nature to close them," a statement said. "But these aren't normal times and we find ourselves in the unique situation where closing our doors is the best way to look after the world.",Last week, before the government recommended people should avoid "pubs, clubs, theatres and other such venues", the Music Venue Trust reported a 27% downturn in attendance across the UK. The Association of Independent Festivals also said ticket sales for its members were down 44% compared with the same point last year.,With many artists (not to mention their road crew) making their living from live shows, the financial impact of coronavirus could be severe. Some estimates suggest the live music industry will lose as much as $5bn during the outbreak.,Indie musician Frank Turner , "to raise cash for my touring family, who are all tough financial straits in the current situation".,Welsh folk band Calan took a different approach - , and members' clothes to recoup the £5,000 they lost on a cancelled US tour.,Elsewhere, campaigns have been mounted to support smaller-scale artists by buying music and merchandise, or even funding them directly on sites like Patreon and Venmo.,And the Gigs Guide website has started a , to help promote artists who might be struggling.,In the House of Lords on Tuesday, questions were put to Baroness Barran, of the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, about the help the government would be giving to the arts and entertainment industry - where organisations have closed for safety reasons but are unable to claim on their insurance because the closure was not ordered directly by government.  ,Liberal Democrat Lord Clement Jones asked: "What consideration has been given to the ability of entertainment and hospitality companies to claim on their business interruption insurance policies where customers have been advised to stay away but no order for closure has been given." ,Baroness Barran answered: "The government understands that this has been an unprecedented time for these industries and that Covid-19 has indeed had a very profound impact.,"The statement from the Association of British Insurers has said the vast majority of businesses would not be covered for this type of interruption but the Secretary of State has this afternoon been having calls across the industry to make sure our lines of communication are open.",Meanwhile, other artists are self-isolating after potentially being exposed to the virus.,Pop star Charli XCX said she found herself on lockdown just as she was putting the finishing touches to her new album.,"Being a workaholic in quarantine is quite stressful," she wrote on Twitter. "Yes, I'm doing as much as I can at home - creating mood boards, planning out ideas for videos, thinking about lyric changes in new songs, re-recording vocals that could be better. But generally, even after one day - I'm feeling a bit purposeless.",DJ and producer Diplo is also in self-imposed isolation after coming into contact "with hundreds of people in the past four weeks". ,He posted a heartbreaking video of himself at home, separated from his two young sons by a glass door, with the caption: "I wanted to build Legos and watch movies with them... But for now I'm just going to stay by the window and listen to them play drums and sing for me.,"This hurts because I miss them so much... but this is my sacrifice to make sure everyone around me is safe.", ,A post shared by , (@diplo) on ,End of Instagram post  by diplo
Volunteers across Wales have been coming together to help those vulnerable people affected by the coronavirus outbreak.,Many have taken to social media to arrange assistance for people in need and some councils are also working with residents to provide support. ,Help includes shopping or dog walking. ,Elsewhere, about 400 churches belonging to the Union of Welsh Independents have been urged to draw up plans to support parishioners who need it. ,One person in Wales has died from coronavirus and on Monday the UK government advised against non-essential travel and told people to work from home.,People have also been told to avoid pubs, clubs and theatres if possible.,And by next weekend, those with the most serious health conditions must be "largely shielded from social contact for around 12 weeks".,Ivor Pike, from Port Talbot, has underlying health conditions and mobility problems.,"I've managed to get dried milk powder and UHT milk by shopping myself," the 80-year-old said.,"If I stay in, how am I going to get food? I have nobody to help me with the shopping.",He said a councillor had helped him in the past but that they were also concerned about going out. ,Tony Panes, 77, from Rudry, Caerphilly county, is concerned because his wife has chest problems.,They are already keeping contact with others to a minimum.,"This is something that's happening and I'm afraid we are going to have to ride it out," he said.,Draethen Waterloo Rudry community councillor, Jayne Garland, said loneliness was also a key issue affecting older people.,She added: "I had an older lady phone me just for a chat mainly because she was scared.,"What we are saying is we are here if they want to talk to us.",Facebook groups have also sprouted up around the country. ,One of them, Coronavirus Support Blaenau Gwent, said its page was for the "elderly and vulnerable, or people self-isolating who have no means of obtaining essentials in the Blaenau Gwent area".,And North Wales Corona Support has called for people to "pull together during a time when people may really need it".,In Bala, Gwynedd, a store called Shop Kel has been coordinating volunteers to help anyone who needs items collected. ,"Everybody is pulling together trying to offer a service to those that are less fortunate," said Kelly Nicholson, who runs the shop.,The Rev Dyfrig Rees, general secretary of the Union of Welsh Independents, said: "We're being called upon to show compassion and care for our neighbour in ways we'd never had anticipated a month or two ago. ,"And our neighbour, of course, is anyone who is sick, lonely, distressed or grieving because of this terrible infection.",Councils are also joining forces with local groups to help those in need.,Penny Jones, Monmouthshire council's cabinet member for social services, said there had been a "fantastic response from local groups". ,And Bridgend council leader Huw David said there was "a lot of people coming forward who want to offer their services and help in some way".
Has the spread of Corona Virus affected any of your plans?
Several European countries have announced their first cases of the corona virus.
Wakil menteri kesehatan Iran terinfeksi virus corona di tengah tekanan penangangan wabah.
Untuk pertama kalinya jumlah kasus baru virus corona lebih banyak terjadi di luar China.
South Korea declares highest alert as Corona virus infections surge
China menyatakan virus corona adalah darurat kesehatan terburuk dalam sejarah negara itu.
A group of girls from London being quarantined in an abandoned Vietnamese hospital are keeping sane by documenting their isolation on Instagram.,Sisters Lucy and Alice Parker, 22 and 25, and their friend Hanna Ahlberg, 23, were traced to their Ha Long Bay hostel by authorities days after Lucy disembarked a plane where a passenger tested positive for coronavirus.,To make a bad situation better, the girls, who are graphic designers, say they are keeping positive by drawing cartoons for "corona merchandise". 
The European Central Bank (ECB) has announced steps to tackle the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak.,It is offering cheap loans to commercial banks to encourage them to lend to small businesses.,It is also expanding its quantitative easing programme, buying financial assets with newly created money.,But unlike some other leading central banks, it did not cut interest rates. European stocks fell even further, in what was already a gloomy session.,It was what the ECB did not do that seems to have grabbed the immediate attention of financial markets. ,Several other central banks, notably the US Federal Reserve and the Bank of England, cut rates in response to the economic damage that is mounting, largely as a result of efforts to address the health crisis. ,But many economists questioned the value of further rate cuts in the specific case of the ECB, which sets policy for the 19 countries that make up the eurozone.,One of the ECB's key rates is already below zero. Its deposit rate, which applies to extra cash held by commercial banks, stands at minus 0.5%. ,That means, in effect, that banks pay to park excess funds with the ECB.  ,Critics say it makes it harder for the banks to be profitable and leaves them less able to lend to firms and households.  A move to even further below zero could aggravate that problem. ,Many observers therefore thought that the ECB would be reluctant to take its rates even lower, although that did not prevent the markets from registering their disappointment. ,The ECB has nonetheless taken some steps that are intended to contain the economic damage. ,It will provide loans to commercial banks to support their lending to "those most affected by the spread of the coronavirus, in particular small and medium-sized enterprises".  ,Those ECB loans will be cheap. The interest rates are set by a rather convoluted formula, but for some of these loans, it could be as low as minus 0.75%.,This does not create the kind of problem the banks have with a negative deposit rate. They are on the other end of the deal. They would be paid to borrow from the ECB, which wants them to use the money to expand their lending to businesses. ,This is a common theme in government and central bank responses to the current situation. ,SMEs are especially exposed if their revenue is disrupted by corona virus measures. A cafe may have a massive drop in customer numbers, or a manufacturer might have deliveries of raw materials interrupted. But they may still have payments to make to employees, landlords, suppliers or tax agencies. So short-term credit can make a big difference.,The ECB is also expanding its quantitative easing programme by a total of €120m. It involves buying financial assets with newly created money. The ECB is emphasising the private sector part of the programme - it also buys government bonds. ,The ECB argues this will "support favourable financing conditions for the real economy", which means it will help ensure that credit for households and businesses is available and cheap. 
Nine months after 20 Democratic candidates gathered for the first debate of the 2020 primary season, it has come down to two candidates - Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden. ,Given the circumstances, one might expect a sombre mood with respectful disagreements. Instead it was an at-times feisty affair, with Sanders going on the attack in a way he never did four years ago in his unsuccessful presidential campaign against Hillary Clinton. ,If the Bernie revolution is on the ropes, the candidate - who just a few weeks ago was considered the front-runner - isn't going to go down without a fight.,Both candidates discussed the personal steps that they - as at-risk elderly individuals - were taking to avoid contracting the coronavirus, including limiting their public contacts, having their staff work remotely and holding online rallies and forums.,Both septuagenarian candidates also had a few flubs. Biden referred to the 2009 swine flu as N1HI, not H1N1. Sanders at one point repeatedly referred to coronavirus as "Ebola". ,Biden also made news by promising to choose a woman as his vice-presidential running mate if he were to win the Democratic nomination. Sanders wouldn't make such a commitment, although he did say his "very strong tendency would be to move in that direction".,Here's a look at some of the other key moments and conflicts.,Unsurprisingly, the coronavirus pandemic - and the candidates' plans for addressing it - dominated the debate.,Biden spoke of expanding testing, including mandating at least 10 drive-through sites in every state, bringing together global leaders and experts to form an international response to the virus and building new hospitals.,Sanders agreed, adding that hospitals need to be provided with sufficient equipment and personnel to deal with the coming surge of critical patients. He also said the US should "protect" the wages of Americans who lose their job because of economic damage from the crisis.,As the evening unfolded, however, a fundamental difference between the two candidates emerged - and it shouldn't be a big shock to those who have watched the exchanges over healthcare in any of the 10 previous Democratic debates.,Biden said that the coronavirus was an urgent crisis that required the federal government to cover all costs of testing and treatment. ,For Sanders, however, the pandemic was a reflection of the "incredible weakness and dysfunctionality" of the entire US healthcare system, which is structured around a for-profit private industry. He wants the government to pay for every medical ailment, not just this virus.,"In a good year, without the epidemic, we're losing up to 60,000 people who die every year because they don't get to a doctor on time," Sanders said. "It's clear this crisis is only making a bad situation worse.",Biden countered that government-run healthcare was not the solution, noting that Italy has a Sanders-style government-run healthcare system that was being overwhelmed by the virus.,Biden wants a publicly run health-insurance option that competes along side private insurers. Sanders wants the government to replace private insurance entirely. In the end, the coronavirus became just a new bullet-point in this much bigger debate within the Democratic Party.,At one point early in the debate, Biden crystallised the key difference between the two candidates - not just on healthcare but on their entire governing philosophy.,"People are looking for results, not a revolution," he said. "They want to deal with the results they need right now.",Biden is an incrementalist. A career political player, he is inclined to work within the system and sees politics as the art of the possible. ,Sanders, at his heart, is a revolutionary. He views the current political and economic system as irredeemably broken and in need of sweeping reform.  Sanders' view is that revolution is exactly what's necessary to bring about fundamental change.,"If you want to make real changes in this country; if you want to create an economy that works for all, not just the few; if you want to guarantee quality health care to all, not make $100 billion in profit for the health care industry, you know what you need?" Sanders asked. "You need to take on Wall Street; you need to take on the drug companies and the insurance companies and the fossil fuel industry.",The question is whether Americans are ready for the kind of real change Sanders is calling for. If the voting results in the Democratic primaries so far are any indication, they may not be so ambitious.,The sharpest exchanges came when the two went after each other on past votes and positions.,Sanders hit Biden on his past support for considering cuts to the government-run Social Security retirement programme, as well as his votes for a gay marriage ban, the Iraq War, stringent bankruptcy reform, free-trade bills and prohibitions on public-funding of abortion.,"The people of America know my record, OK?" Sanders said. "For 30 years, I have stood with the working families of this country. I have taken on every special interest there is out there. And that is what I will do in the White House. That's a very different record than Joe's.",Biden countered by hitting Sanders for his past opposition to gun-control legislation and a recent vote against sanctioning Russia for its 2016 election interference.,"Go to the YouTube right now," Sanders said at one point, urging viewers to see Biden's 1995 Social Security comments on the floor of the US Senate.,Biden, who has taken many positions over his nearly 50-year political career that are out of step with the current views of the Democratic Party, ultimately defended himself by trying to change the focus.,"The question is," he said, "what do we do from this point on? ,This Democratic primary debate - conducted in the shadow of the coronavirus outbreak, moved from Phoenix to a Washington, DC, studio at the last minute and held without an audience or a crush of media watching from an adjoining spin room - may end up as the last one of this election cycle.,If so, what a strange and unexpected coda it would be to more than 14 months of campaigning by dozens of candidates.,Polls indicate that on Tuesday Biden is poised to post dominating wins over Sanders in Florida, Ohio, Illinois and Arizona, further extending his lead in the all-important count of delegates to the national convention in July. ,National polls give Biden a sizable lead, suggesting that Democratic voters are ready for this race to be over and for the general election contest against Donald Trump - who was only occasionally mentioned in this debate - to begin.,Of course, in a post-debate interview Sanders suggested that the he wasn't sure "it makes a lot of sense" to hold this week's primaries given the coronavirus outbreak, where many voters - including the elderly - could be in close contact. Two primaries set to be held later in the month, in Georgia and Louisiana, have already been delayed.,If that turns out to be the case, perhaps the Democratic contest - while effectively nearing its conclusion - may linger in a suspended state for some time to come. 
An Iranian tourist in Georgia has become an unlikely internet celebrity after being quarantined amid the Covid-19 coronavirus outbreak. ,Shahab Karimi became an overnight sensation after Georgian TV aired , outside a hospital in Tbilisi, declaring himself virus-free. ,Several nurses are then seen bursting out from the building and ushering him away in panic while he pleads "just a moment, just a moment". ,The video went viral and inspired humorous memes.  ,One of them used the pictures to illustrate the moment , in 1918, only to be absorbed by the emerging Soviet Union a few years later. ,Another Facebook user , in Georgian to coronavirus and the newly emerged star. ,"An Iranian has escaped, 'I do not have corona', he shouts," the song goes. "He is followed by a woman, 'he is not well', she says.",While in quarantine, Mr Karimi posted several video updates which drew a big audience. ,"Hello to the kind people of Georgia and everywhere in the world following the news about me. Thank you for your kind emotions," ,, filmed, as he later explained, on a nice sunny day on the balcony of his hotel. ,He went on to express his gratitude for the numerous friend requests he received, which he said he "couldn't accept because of the limitations of the application".,"Now I feel good," he assured his fans, expressing hope that the virus will disappear soon. ,He put his newfound fame to good use in another vlog, , of a 22-year-old cancer patient. ,In another video, that received tens of thousands of views, he offered an ,. ,Soon after his quarantine ended, he posted a video of himself , in a convertible with the car radio at full blast - in a clear sign that he was relishing his freedom. ,But Georgia wasn't prepared to say goodbye just yet. Mr Karimi was,. ,Announcing his arrival, the presenter of the show Nanuka Zhorzholiani said: "Our guest today would have never imagined that he would end up being so popular in a place 1,193km away from home - that he'll get invited to appear on TV." ,And that may not be the end of Mr Karimi's TV appearances. ,As he confirmed his plans to stay longer in the country after the border with Iran was closed, the TV host warned him that he'd most likely be invited to take part in the local version of Dancing with the Stars.  
The best floorfillers, party anthems and dance legends. Presented by Richard Latto.
Canadian photographer captures halos and moon dogs
China hanya izinkan 1 orang per 1 rumah tangga keluar sekali dalam 3 hari terkait corona.
Corona virus has lots of nasty symptoms, but one unexpected symptom is racism
Michael O'Neill says he won't dwell on any potential decision to play March's Euro 2020 play-off semi-final in Bosnia and Herzegovina behind closed doors.
WHO khawatir dengan penemuan virus corona pada orang-orang yang tak pernah ke China.
Your chance to win a unique piece of sporting history.
At least six reports of coronavirus-related attacks have been received by Devon and Cornwall Police.,People from Chinese and Asian backgrounds in Exeter have been assaulted and verbally abused by groups of men.,Victims, three of them students, have been punched, kicked, spat on and told to "go back to your own country - you must have coronavirus".,The force said it was treating the attacks as hate crimes.,Three attacks happened within 24 hours earlier this week.,On Wednesday, a 19-year-old university student from China was approached by four men, thought to be in their 20s, on Castle Street.,They shouted abuse before assaulting him, stealing his cap and threatening him with a knife.,Police are also investigating an attack on two Asian men by a group of four or five men at around 02:45 GMT on Sidwell Street on Friday.,Members of the group shouted at the pair, accusing them of having coronavirus, before one of them was punched.,Another incident involved an attack on an Asian taxi driver by two male passengers at 00:30 on Sunday on New North Road.,The 35-year-old victim was taunted with questions about where he was from and whether he had coronavirus before being punched and kicked.,Police say other incidents involved "lower-level verbal abuse" including shouting "corona" and "coronavirus carrier" at Chinese people,Sgt Emma Storey-Barrett said police had linked up with Exeter University to help students "feel supported and safe".,In London, two teenagers were ,.
In our series of letters from African writers, Kenyan journalist Waihiga Mwaura reflects on how the coronavirus has fuelled anti-Chinese prejudice in his country.,Despite the concerns around the spread of the coronavirus, the greatest enemy is not the virus itself, but "fears, rumours and stigma".,Not my words, but those of the Ethiopian who is leading the global effort to lessen the impact of Covid-19.,The World Health Organization chief, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, was responding at the end of last month to cases of anti-Chinese prejudice. He repeated the message on Twitter earlier this week while sharing a story about a Singaporean man who was beaten up in the UK capital, London, over the coronavirus.,The virus of prejudice is spreading. Kenya is no exception.,A shakily filmed video has been circulating on social media here showing an Asian man and woman being bullied by a large crowd in a low-income area of the capital, Nairobi. ,The video begins with unidentified individuals in the crowd shouting: "You are coronavirus, you are coronavirus." ,The man responds by trying to film the crowd but quickly realises that his female companion could be attacked so rushes to her aid. ,He stands up to the most aggressive member of the crowd and starts shouting back: "We don't have corona, we don't have corona." ,The video stops before we see how the incident ended but it was a true depiction of the side-effects of the coronavirus. ,On 27 February, a message went viral on Facebook, allegedly posted by a Kenyan member of parliament, calling for his constituency residents to avoid interaction with Chinese nationals who had just returned from China after celebrating their new year. ,The post warned that if the government did not do enough to protect its citizens, and forcefully quarantine any of these Chinese nationals, then the residents had his permission to chase away and stone any Chinese people within their vicinity. ,China's embassy responded quickly with a Twitter post calling for a "rational and scientific approach towards Chinese communities" and described the remarks that had been made as racist.,Kenya is not alone in this prejudice, but what is interesting is that all the initial cases of the virus in sub-Saharan Africa have been linked to European travel rather than China. Yet there is no equivalent anti-European feeling.,Before Kenya has even recorded a case, the fear, mixed with stigma, is palpable. ,The prejudice has been fuelled by China and Kenya's entwined economic relationship.,Kenya has borrowed a large amount of money from China for big infrastructure projects. While the ordinary Kenyan is not feeling the benefit, they are looking for someone to blame for their economic woes.,Tired of pointing the finger at the government, some here have re-directed their frustrations towards the growing number of Chinese nationals who have come to seek economic opportunities.,Coronavirus fears, therefore, have found fertile ground and led to some extraordinary behaviour.,Adrian Blomfield, a veteran freelance journalist here, said that all the drivers at his local taxi rank had agreed not to carry Chinese people as passengers.,One taxi driver told me that Chinese nationals were changing their user names on the taxi hailing apps to avoid their passenger request being declined.,He also informed me that when they are ferrying passengers from the airport, they roll the windows down and even wear facemasks, especially if the passengers had just landed from China. ,He wound up his narrative by demanding that the government provide free face masks to all taxi drivers who ply the airport route and to provide more information to the public. ,There has been some criticism here that the authorities have been slow in educating the public about the virus and warning them against prejudice.,The vacuum has been filled by rumours and misinformation. A sensitisation campaign has now been promised, but it may come too late.,Nevertheless, for Chinese nationals living in Kenya, like Lin Yimenghan, who runs a charity, life goes on.,He has witnessed only one worrying incident when someone called him "coronavirus" at a bus stop in Nairobi. ,But his analysis of the situation is remarkable. ,"It is normal for people to fear something they are not aware of," he told me calmly.,The spread of the stigma is faster than the spread of the virus, he added, and ended with some advice: "People should have more understanding and love for each other.",If only everyone had such an attitude, then this world would be a more peaceful place. ,Follow us on Twitter ,, on Facebook at , or on Instagram at 
As cases of the coronavirus increase around the world, there's been a flurry of misleading or false news stories emerging, as well.,There have been relatively few confirmed cases of the virus in Africa so far, but the authorities in some countries on the continent are still having to deal with misinformation. ,An image of a bottle of Dettol, the well-known disinfectant used to clean surfaces, has been widely shared on social media in Nigeria and South Africa with people noting that the label says the surface cleaner is effective against "human coronavirus". ,In Nigeria, the message that has circulated on WhatsApp is "Wow! We'll share! Imagine Dettol can help in fighting Corona virus and we're ignorant of it. It's written on the container." ,Several of the most widely shared posts were in South Africa. Someone wrote: "Apparently Dettol can treat the virus." ,However, Dettol has not been proven to kill or treat the new coronavirus - officially called Covid-19 - although the use of surface cleaning solutions such as Dettol are recommended to reduce the general spread of infections. ,In a statement, the company said that their disinfectant has not yet been tested against the new coronavirus but says their products "," against other known coronaviruses affecting humans (such as Sars-CoV).,An old graphic created by the US health authorities about facial hair and respirators has been used incorrectly to suggest men should shave off their beards to avoid catching the coronavirus. ,The Nigerian Punch newspaper's headline said: "To be safe from coronavirus, shave your beard, CDC warns",The US Centers for Disease Control (CDC) image shows dozens of examples of facial hair and which ones to avoid when wearing a respirator mask. Beard styles such as Side Whiskers and the Zappa are approved but the Garibaldi and French Fork can interfere with the valve and prevent the respirator working properly. ,The graphic is genuine - but it was created in 2017 (well before the coronavirus outbreak) for workers who wear tight-fitting respirators. Contrary to what's been reported, the CDC has not published it recently and it does not recommend that people shave off their beards. ,Similar headlines have appeared in other countries, generating thousands of shares. Australian news outlet 7News posted on Twitter: "How your beard may unknowingly increase your risk of coronavirus.",Current UK health advice is that while masks are useful for medical staff in hospitals, "there is very little evidence of widespread benefit for members of the public".,An evangelical preacher who claims he can cure the virus has also been the subject of disinformation. ,Stories about David Kingleo Elijah, from the Glorious Mount of Possibility Church started spreading online after a video of him saying he would move to China to "destroy" the virus was uploaded on YouTube and shared on other platforms.,"I am going prophetically to destroy coronavirus. I am going to China, I want to destroy coronavirus," he says in the video.,A few days later, reports appeared in blogs alleging that he had travelled to China but had been admitted to hospital after contracting the virus. The blogs refer to the pastor under a different name - Elija Emeka Chibuke.,The photo used to show him in hospital is actually a photo of Adeshina Adesanya, a Nigerian actor popularly known as Pastor Ajidara, who died in hospital in 2017.,A story about the Nigerian driver of a man diagnosed with coronavirus was posted on social media and shared by WhatsApp users - but is untrue. ,According to the message, the taxi driver drove a "white man" diagnosed with coronavirus to a location that was quarantined. The Ogun state government then told the driver to go to hospital. ,It was claimed the driver then tested positive for coronavirus - but escaped from hospital and threatened to spread the virus unless his family was paid 100m nairas ($274,000). ,The report has been denied by the authorities. ,The Ogun State government dismissed the claims in a statement, saying no patient had escaped from the isolation centre. ,Everyone that had any link with the Italian victim of the dreaded virus since he arrived the country has been quarantined. The others, who these primary contacts also had interactions with are equally being monitored.,End of Twitter post  by @OGSGofficial,The original post appeared on a fake account of the private Africa Independent Television (AIT) network, which released a statement saying the page was not its official Facebook page.,It included a photo of the driver and named him as one Adewale Isaac Olorogun. However, exactly the same photo appeared in a Buzzfeed article about Libya and under a completely different name - Jude Ikuenobe. ,Mr Ikuenobe told the BBC's Yemisi Adegoke he was shocked to learn that he was named in the posts and was distressed by some of the comments which contained violent threats against him. ,"I haven't been moving around on my own. Anywhere I go, I'm moving with friends and family.,"Ever since [the post went viral] it has not been easy for me to cope.",Nigeria and sub-Saharan Africa's first confirmed coronavirus case was an Italian man who flew into Lagos on 25 February. ,Authorities say they have reached about 100 people who may have come into contact with him. ,In Kenya, the government has had to put out a statement denouncing "fake news" about the coronavirus, which includes an audio recording, circulated on WhatsApp, claiming to be an official press briefing on the virus.,PRESS RELEASE on fake news about COVID-19 (Coronavirus) in the country. ,End of Twitter post  by @SpokespersonGoK,The recording states that there were 63 cases in the country, which is not true.  There are currently no confirmed cases in Kenya.,The health ministry said it had been part of a communications training exercise but did not explain how it had been made public.,Under an existing law, Kenyans risk a fine of $50,000 (£39,000) or a two-year jail sentence for publishing or sharing fake news about an outbreak. ,The Ministry of Health would  like to caution the general public against an audio being shared on WhatsApp groups about confirmed cases of coronavirus in the Country. There is NO confirmed case of COVID-19 in Kenya. , , , , , ,End of Twitter post  by @MOH_Kenya,In Nigeria, a preacher posted a video and a poster claiming that pepper soup is a cure for coronavirus. The claim was also shared on WhatsApp.,There is no cure or specific treatment for coronavirus and the claim gives few details about the medicinal properties of pepper soup - a traditional spicy Nigerian dish.,The WHO says the outbreak has caused ,. ,In Cape Verde, the tiny Portuguese-speaking West African nation, a post spread on social media claiming that a Brazilian doctor had recommended fennel tea as a cure for coronavirus. It prompted a rush for the herb in local markets, reported AFP. ,The Brazilian health ministry has warned people not to share an article suggesting fennel as a cure for coronavirus. ,The World Health Organization says that thorough and regular hand-washing is crucial in the fight to avoid infection. 
Radio 1's Big Weekend is the first major British festival to be ,In the last week, two of America's biggest festivals have also been disrupted because of fears over the virus.,Coachella, set to be headlined by Travis Scott, Rage Against the Machine and Frank Ocean, has been , to October instead of taking place in April, as originally planned.,The government is drawing up plans to, by next week. ,Texas-based , - an important festival for new artists from around the world looking for success in the US - has also been cancelled.,Tours are pretty much non-existent across Asia and ,, with gatherings of more than 1,000 people being postponed in Switzerland, France and several major cities in Germany.,Glastonbury festival organisers have told Radio 1 Newsbeat they're closely monitoring the situation but the festival is still going ahead.,The festival's head of event operations Adrian Coombs said they "thoroughly plan" each year's event, and "put in place all necessary measures to protect the public and maximise safety". ,And when they , and more big names to its line-up, festival boss Emily Eavis said organisers had "fingers firmly crossed" the event would go ahead in June.,"As things stand we are still working hard to deliver our 50th anniversary festival in June and we are very proud of the bill that we have put together over the last year or so," she said.,"No one has a crystal ball to see exactly where we will all be 15 weeks from now, but we are keeping our fingers firmly crossed that it will be here at Worthy Farm for the greatest show on Earth!",The latest update from Festival Republic, which puts on events including Reading and Leeds, Wireless, Download and Latitude, says none of its events will be affected.,There's a looming sense of uncertainty for people who've bought tickets - but cancellations could also have a big impact on the artists booked to perform at them.,"Everyone's going to be affected I think... everyone's losing money," Becky Hill tells Radio 1 Newsbeat. ,The singer is due to appear at Coachella with Matoma and is currently supporting The Script on their European arena tour.,She says there are concerns of "potential gigs being cancelled" in places like Amsterdam, Copenhagen, Brussels and Hamburg.,"The thing that's worrying is that insurance won't cover it.,"Festivals and shows are our bread and butter... it's the part of our job where you can potentially make some money.",Becky stresses it's not just the artist who misses out on a day's work, it's a whole crew.,"If we lose shows that I've already booked a tour bus for and a band for and x, y and z... I lose that money.,"Us booking the band means they couldn't take another job where corona hasn't necessarily affected their work.",The impact of cancelled shows ripples through to emerging talent, too.,London's King Nun had been planning their trip to SXSW for months with five "incredibly important" shows lined up as well as meetings with "a bunch of industry people" to try to boost their profile in America.,"That's unfortunately fallen apart now," says frontman Theo Polyzoides, who estimates the band are set to lose "thousands" in cancelled flights and accommodation.,"I hope music fans know how financially awful this is for the band they care about. ,"I also hope it means they'll involve themselves in local music scenes more than they did before.",Here's a list of major UK festivals this summer - we'll be updating this as we hear from festival organisers.,no update.,has been , A Radio 1 statement said: "This decision has been made in conjunction with our event partners, in line with the advice from the Scottish government.,"While we know fans looking forward to purchasing tickets will be disappointed, it is important that we prioritise the health and safety of all those involved.",no update.,has , saying the festival is going ahead as planned.,no update.,no update.,"Glastonbury Festival thoroughly plans each year's event, and puts in place all necessary measures to protect the public and maximise safety... with our 2020 Festival still 16 weeks away, we continue to plan and prepare for the event, whilst at the same time closely monitoring developments with the coronavirus situation.",no planned changes.,no update,says the festival is going ahead as planned. It told Newsbeat: "We are excited to welcome everyone to the event in 20 weeks. Safety of our artists, fans, and staff is always our top priority and planned for accordingly.",no update.,. 
Pemerintah China mengatakan warganya akan kembali bekerja secara bertahap.
The best floorfillers, party anthems and dance legends. Presented by Richard Latto.
Mike discusses the role that night shelters play in helping people in Greater Manchester.
How will China's efforts to contain the corona virus affect the country's economy?
WHO belum mengumumkan status darurat kesehatan internasional terkait virus corona baru.
Prosecutors failed to gain the two thirds majority necessary to convict Mr Trump
Adam Walton considers the giant nuclear powerhouse at the very heart of our solar system.
As the coronavirus - or to be precise Covid-19 - spreads around the world, getting accurate information about the disease becomes ever more important.,And in the social media age, that puts a heavy responsibility on the likes of Facebook and YouTube.,These are the platforms that billions now rely on for news and they are already providing fertile territory for those wanting to spread misinformation. On Facebook, it is in groups opposing vaccines and those campaigning against 5G mobile phone networks that scare stories appear most likely to take hold.,I've scanned a number of the 5G groups, and found plenty of comments suggesting there is a link between the virus and the new networks. The Stop 5G UK group has more than 27,000 members, one of whom has posted this: "I've heard it's not a serious "Virus", it's about as bad as a flu or cold. So really this is a perfect plan to cover up EMF/5G related illnesses.",Scroll down, and others have shared links to websites and videos connecting the coronavirus to the rollout of 5G in the part of China where it originated. "5G launches in Wuhan weeks before Coronavirus outbreak" reads the headline on an article in a publication called the News Commenter.,A YouTube video with the title "WUHAN CORONA VIRUS IS A 5G L.E.D SMART STREET LIGHT TEST BED" is also popular in this group and others. Other YouTube videos share complex conspiracy theories including a suggestion that the Diamond Princess cruise ship whose passengers had to be quarantined was affected by the virus because it used 5G technology for its connectivity.,Another popular theory is that the virus was engineered in a lab and deliberately released by, take your pick, the Chinese or American government. Over on the Facebook 5G and microwave radiation group, an article from Technocracy News claims: "It is becoming pretty clear that the Hunan coronovirus is an engineered bio-weapon that was either purposely or accidentally released.",To be fair to Facebook, it appears to have upped its game when it comes to combating misinformation. Search for "coronavirus" on its platform and the top results will be reliable information from sites such as the World Health Organization (WHO). If you find an anti-vaccination group you want to join, a pop-up message appears saying: "Learn why the World Health Organization recommends vaccinations to prevent many diseases.",YouTube too appears to be trying to calm fears, with a WHO banner ad appearing above any videos about the virus. But on at least one conspiracy theory video, adverts are still appearing, meaning that the site's owner Google is still profiting from misinformation.,Facebook says that as well as promoting accurate information, it has taken steps to combat the spread of misinformation about the virus. Its third-party fact-checkers investigate dubious claims and when they rate information as false, the company limits its spread across Facebook and Instagram.,Adverts that could misinform people or suggest that something is in limited supply are banned - for instance Facebook would not allow an ad with a claim that face masks are 100% guaranteed to prevent the spread of the virus.,A YouTube spokesperson said the company was committed to providing "timely and helpful information" and reducing the spread of harmful misinformation. But while YouTube bans videos promoting medically unsubstantiated ways to prevent the virus, it seems it does not remove or flag material that promotes conspiracy theories about it.,I contacted a company whose adverts appeared before one of the videos, London-based MVH Marketing. A spokeswoman said the firm spends its advertising money with YouTube rather than the video creators, and usually the platform ensured that ads were not placed next to unsuitable content.,She said the firm had now ensured its ads would not be seen again on this particular video: "Obviously we wouldn't want to be associated with something that did not fit with our brand.",The social media platforms appear to be getting better at stopping misinformation from going viral, at least in public posts. But inside private groups, many with thousands of members, fake news is a commodity that still seems in great demand. 
Corona beer owner Constellation Brands is set to pour some $4bn (£3.15bn) into Canada's top cannabis producer, Canopy Growth, in a deal marking the largest investment in the industry to date. ,Last year, Constellation injected $200m into Canopy in a deal to produce a non-alcoholic cannabis-based beverage.,The alcohol firm wants to capitalise on the growing legalisation of the drug.,On news of the deal, Canopy's Toronto-listed stock surged 30%, while on Wall Street, Constellation's fell 6%.,The two firms said the investment would allow Canopy to expand its business reach ,.,Canopy, ,, currently produces cannabis-based oils and soft gel caps, among other products. ,With Constellation's latest injection of cash, Canopy plans to expand its suite of products to include edible bars, inhalers and pre-rolled items. ,It also wants to develop cannabinoid-based medicines that provide a safer alternative to some mainstream treatments for pain, anxiety, sleeplessness and psoriasis.,"This [deal] marks the end of the warm-up in our sector... it's fully go-time," said Canopy's chief executive Bruce Linton on an investment call. ,Constellation, which makes and markets beer, wine and spirits in the US, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and Italy, noted that governments around the world had already signalled a significant change in attitudes towards cannabis and cannabis-based products. ,"Over the past year, we've come to better understand the cannabis market, the tremendous growth opportunity it presents, and Canopy's market-leading capabilities in this space," ,.,In June, the Canadian government passed a bill which will effectively legalise the recreational cannabis market in the country. The bill is set to be rolled out in October.,Constellation's latest investment in Canopy takes its ownership in the firm to 38%.,The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to be closed no earlier than the end of October.
B Young, Corona, Céline Dion, Azealia Banks. All of the bangers!
Songs from Corona, Lisa Loeb and Pato Banton. Featured artist this week: Stevie Wonder
This is a full transcript of , as first broadcast on 13 March and presented by Beth Rose,JITE- I got a few stares of course. I'm bald. I had a beard. I was in a wheelchair. I'm black. The first two that I went to said, "No, no, no, we probably can't do that." I didn't want to do something which was challenging for me only, rather than North Korea. Oh, well that's a tough place to go to. ,[jingle: Ouch],BETH-I've been so excited about bringing you this Ouch podcast. A few months ago I received an email. It said, "Hi Beth, a friend of mine, Jite Ugono has multiple sclerosis, or MS, and uses a wheelchair. He's just about to travel to North Korea. Would you like to talk to him?" "Yes," was my answer, "very much so.",I'm Beth Rose, and you're listening to the BBC Ouch podcast, and for a while Jite has been on my mind. From the day he flew to China to get his visa, to the five days he would spend in the country we know very little about. And finally, he's back. Also, just a quick note to say that this podcast was recorded long before the Corona virus outbreak. ,[music],BETH-Hello.,JITE-Hello, hi.,BETH-So how was the trip?,JITE-Everyone says surreal, but it was surreal. Being inside a communist country and being restricted. Also in a wheelchair, there are no provisions at all for wheelchair access and that kind of stuff. Most of the places I went to were only accessible by stairs, so they carried me, which was nice. And that's one of the good things about having a guide, because I had two guides and a driver. ,BETH-So you said you were thinking about this trip a year ago. It's the kind of trip that most people won't even think you can do, so why did you suddenly decide to book your holiday to North Korea?,JITE-Well I've got MS so they said one of the treatments of MS could be stem cell therapy. So stem cell therapy involves chemo and the rest of it. I thought to myself why not do something as rare as stem cell therapy? It was almost like a redefinition of my identity. I didn't really want to be known solely because of MS or the treatment, because everyone's going to ask about the chemo. I wanted to do something else which was kind of equal and opposite.,BETH-It's quite rare, stem cell therapy for multiple sclerosis isn't it?,JITE-It is. I hadn't heard of it. Chemo for cancer, we know all about that, but as soon as she said chemo for this… For me it was quite emotional because my mum died the year before of cancer and she went through chemo as well. It was a shock, but it was also some hope. It seems less bleak. What I have is Primary Progressive MS, a steady degradation of mobilities. And they have less treatment for that, so most other treatment comes for Secondary Remitting, when you have attacks and then you can recover. ,BETH-So what does the chemo do?,JITE-Chemo reduces your immune system. So what they want to do is kind of knock out the immune system and then reintroduce the stem cells and then restart the immune system. ,BETH-That sounds quite an intense treatment. ,JITE-I was in hospital for a month. So I went in for chemo, I was in hospital for a week or so, first of all, came back out, did the injections, back into hospital for a month. It was tough going through, but easier when you do it in stages. You think, okay I'm going to do this chemo first, in ten days I'll do the injections. Bite size. So by the end of it it's like oh, I've done it. I think it taught me whatever I go through I have to be a bit more patient. ,BETH-How long ago were you diagnosed with MS?,JITE-2009.,BETH-So you were quite young?,JITE-I'm 45 now, so yeah, the symptoms got worse maybe six or seven years ago in terms of difficulty walking. And that's the main thing. The first thing was the eyesight, so the eyes were playing up and I thought maybe I should go to the optician. It didn't really make a difference. So it got progressively worse. I did an MRI scan and then the consultant said, "Well, it could be MS." So I was kind of aware and I kind of knew that it was something quite serious. So when he came back and he said MS. You make a decision about how you're going to deal with it. ,For me, it was you're not going to feel sorry for yourself because people go through worse. For me, it's only when I'm faced with stuff you realise you can do it. I didn't just want to survive. Because when you're diagnosed with stuff it's like getting through the day. Everyone says, "Oh, you're so brave. You went to work?" For me it's just one life, you can't spend it getting through the day, you want to do something else. ,BETH-So was it when you were having your chemo when you were in hospital, the idea for North Korea?,JITE-It was actually the first consultation when she told me, "You're going to do stem cell therapy." They told me that I was going to be able to maybe walk with sticks and I thought, why waste it?,BETH-I feel like a lot of people would have had similar thoughts but maybe thought South of France would be quite nice?,JITE-It would have been challenging. If anyone said they were going to the South of France, oh okay. I didn't want to do something which was challenging for me only, rather than North Korea, oh well, that's a tough place to go to, regardless of whether you're in a wheelchair. It was important to me to do something which was challenging, not because of MS, not because of the wheelchair, but it was challenging. ,BETH-So how do you go about booking a trip? Can you go to a travel agent?,JITE-I mean, that's what I did. So the first two that I went to said, "No, no, no. We can't do that, there's no access." And I was probably more determined. That's another lesson it taught me, it's more important for me that I wanted to do it. And no one was coming back to me to say, "Why don't you go?" So when the third person came back and said, "Actually, we could do that," the normal way of going to North Korea is through a group tour, with my condition anyway. You think about what the problems could be. Getting onto the coach. Holding people up. ,So my tour was me on my own. I had two guides and a driver and that was it. They sorted out the visa to China and once you get to China you get the visa to North Korea from China.,BETH-Touching upon the issues of getting onto a bus, what is it like for you with MS? How does it manifest itself?,JITE-My balance is a problem. I can't really use my left leg at all. My eyesight's a problem. Maybe sometimes my memory and my vocabulary. They're difficulties which arose mainly because I did chemo. We know that the drugs are quite aggressive and concentrated, so they give you lots of water to dilute and because you're given that you're given drugs to help you relieve that stuff, so you're peeing like every ten minutes. ,So it went down to probably once every hour and that became a problem and that affects your confidence, you're afraid to kind of go out, maybe there won't be toilets around, that's kind of what I was thinking about, going to North Korea.,BETH-Did you even know about that? Is there information about toilets or accessibility?,JITE-Not at all, not at all. It's only when I got there that I realised that the… And sorry to go on about toilets, but it was important to me. [laughs] Okay, so in North Korea they had two types of toilets, they had the European toilets and then they had the Korean toilets, ground toilets, so you have to kind of balance, which I didn't even attempt. So everywhere we went to it was okay, "Is it a Korean toilet here or a European toilet?" Even the guides started to realise and started to know after a while.,BETH-I mean, that's such a gamble isn't it, not knowing the accessibility, not knowing what the toilet situation's going to be like. I'm guessing this was all in your mind?,JITE-Every problem has to have a solution. So before I went I'd got it up to you can pass an hour now, because I'd gone to the gym, I'd started doing core stuff, even in the plane, because it was ten and a half hours there. You think about the problems that you could face, it's personal of course, but also there are people around that can give you a hand. ,And that was another thing, getting vaccinations was a problem, because when you do chemo and your immune system is low they don't advise that you have vaccinations. So I was intending to go to Korea in September but that was super close to my stem cell.,BETH-When you were flying, initially to China, what was going through our mind?,JITE-It was just getting through that first bit, hoping that someone's going to be there to meet me. The luggage I even took I had to make sure that I could carry. That's one of the solutions with a wheelchair, you're going to have to push the luggage as well so it can't be too big. Two pieces of hand luggage is what I took. That's what I was thinking about, I wasn't thinking about Pyongyang yet, I was thinking about how to get to China. ,Beijing was packed, traffic everywhere. It was surprisingly western. The cars were German cars. In North Korea I had the guides, in China I didn't have guides, I had a person to take me from the airport to the hotel and that was it. So I didn't really have the confidence to kind of venture out. I got in a day before, so as soon as I landed in China I had to go and get the visa. As soon as you get the visa is when they give you a briefing, what you should and shouldn't do. The chap apparently had been doing it for 28 years, and no one had ever missed a briefing until me.,BETH-Ah! [laughs],JITE-I mean, only because the person who picked me up said, "Oh, I can get the visa for you.",BETH-So they were being helpful, but actually…,JITE-Yeah, so they went out and got the… And I was appreciative, because getting in and out of the car was such a pain. And I am quite lazy naturally. If I can do without it then I won't do it, you know. So when they gave me an opportunity not to, oh okay. The travel agent contact in China was almost panicky on the phone, "No one's ever done this." ,BETH-Wow, and I bet your heart was racing at that point.,JITE-To an extent, but I kind of knew what not to do. I mean, I'm not rude, and plus I'd seen stuff on YouTube and the guides tell you as well. So I was quite prepared. I flew into Pyongyang. The airport was a surprise. They only have a few planes that land for the day. They had one from Beijing, one from Shanghai and one from Moscow. There are soldiers everywhere, but the soldiers were, "Oh, look at this guy," I suppose maybe because I was a novelty in a sense. They'd never really seen someone in a wheelchair before. They were super helpful. ,I'd met the guides at the airport as well. I got a few stares of course. I'm bald, and they have like five haircuts. I had a beard, I was in a wheelchair. I'm black. So all those things together. ,BETH-So did you feel like you stuck out?,JITE-I didn't feel like I could relax, only because you feel like you're always on. I couldn't be anonymous, there's always someone watching, and that's tiring. ,BETH-And did you feel like you were being watched by your guides?,JITE-Maybe the brief was to watch, but it is different when you have a relationship with people. So I didn't feel that way. I suppose they were constantly on about how great the leader is and after a while it got a bit tedious. Everyone walked around with badges. And it's difficult to tell because they spoke the language quite a bit. I don't know what they're saying. ,BETH-They greeted you at the airport. ,JITE-Yes.,BETH-Had they had disabled travellers before?,JITE-I don't think they had. What happens is that when you go on your own there is no camaraderie, I was mostly alone, but the advantage is you could probably get closer to people. There's good and there's bad about it.,BETH-What's it like, Pyongyang?,JITE-For me it was super quiet. I mean here we have adverts and stuff, people are selling you stuff all the time, there is different, you have pictures of the leaders surrounded by flowers and you have to respect that. If there's an image of a leader you can't really take a photo of it and you can't stand in front of it obscuring it. Or you can't crop it. Apparently they check people's phones to see what they've taken.,BETH-Did you take photos?,JITE-I took photos but they didn't check. But everywhere was empty. The place is set up for tourists but there are not many tourists. You go into a restaurant and there are people standing around. The restaurants are empty. It's bizarre. ,BETH-So it's not really like a bustling city?,JITE-Not at all. Actually I went during… King Il Sung who's the grandad of this present leader, it was his birthday, so there were two days of celebrations. I think there were more people on the street than normal, and then they had volunteers picking up stuff or gardening or… I mean, because it's a communist environment they pay for everything but you have to work. They've got big roads, no cars.,BETH-Wow. ,JITE-Yeah. The days were quite long. Maybe eight o'clock they'll come for me and then eight o'clock in the evening I'd finish. So there was always something to do and you were always with people. I think they had five channels, that was about it.,BETH-TV channels?,JITE-Five TV channels. On the channels they have the leader, Kim, pointing at stuff. He designed the theme park.,BETH-What's the tourist trail like?,JITE-There is an itinerary, so you would go to the war museum, flower exhibition. I went to their subway, it's the deepest subway in the world. So everything's the best in the world or the tallest in the world.,BETH-How did the subway compare to the tube?,JITE-It was more opulent. I only saw two of them and I think those are the two they show people, so maybe the others are less. There are chandeliers and stuff. ,BETH-And the restaurants, you said you went into one, but they've got all the staff just waiting around?,JITE-Yeah, the restaurants seem to be for tourists, and because I was on my own, seven, ten people just standing around looking. I went to a casino, which was strange. ,BETH-Oh, okay?,JITE-Yeah. But the casino was in the hotel. I think I was the only one in there. So when I went to North Korea I didn't take enough cash, and that was a problem obviously because no cards. So the guys were like, "You need some money? Go to the casino, you can change your money.",BETH-Oh, I thought you were going to say to like gamble and win.,JITE-At first I went to change money, but they didn't take sterling, they took US dollars and euros, but I didn't have either, so they allowed me to gamble, so I did.,BETH-Did you win? Did you get some money?,JITE-Yeah, I did. I don't want to get used to it. [laughs],BETH-What game did you play?,JITE-Black Jack. I didn't know what was going on, but people around, they were almost cheering, and I was thinking by the time I won a hundred dollars I thought it's time to go, it's time to go. And everyone's around you willing you on and you don't want to disappoint them but you think okay, I'm going guys. ,BETH-Is it expensive then, if you ran out of money and you're having to gamble to boost your-?,JITE-To boost. Okay, so I mean they have their own currency and they don't let you take the currency out.,BETH-I bet your guides quite enjoyed being in the casino.,JITE-The guides said, "Oh, we're not allowed in." Even when they came up to my hotel room I had to have Al Jazeera because that's the only English speaking channel, but they were almost transfixed. They were shaking their heads. Look around the world, look how happy we are type of thing. So you kind of understand why they would let Al Jazeera in, because Al Jazeera can be quite, look what's happening around the world, the protests here, the protests there. ,BETH-And did you find people were willing to help you?,JITE-I think it was more because they see you as being vulnerable. "Oh, you're not comfortable, let me move your legs." So you always get somebody helping, which is not necessarily what you want all the time. Because you want to be able to be self-sufficient. Certainly in London people are a bit more patient to offer, "Okay, how can I help?" and then they stand back. In Korea it was, "Oh, we can do that for you." [laughs],BETH-Did you see any other disabled people out and about?,JITE-No, I didn't. ,BETH-No one at all?,JITE-I didn't at all. One of the guides was quite insistent on how great their society is. That's why they stay kind of thing, away from everyone else, and they obviously saw it as a good thing.,BETH-Oh, that's interesting. I was going some research, and there's a lot of reports from the UN and different charities where they say basically they send people  away in an out of town community. ,JITE-Yeah, they don't expect you to try. So maybe that was part of it, they were almost surprised that this person is doing something on their own. ,BETH-And were they quite surprised how you just got on with everything?,JITE-Yeah, I suppose. Maybe they were. So even when I'd be going down the road people would lean over and look. They weren't rude about it. They would look, they were curious, but they weren't intrusive. And sometimes you look and they look away, except the kids, so the kids would be staring. But that's normal though, even in London you'll get kids staring. One of the guides took a video of me being lifted up the stairs, and it was quite tough to watch because you don't really see yourself as being vulnerable, except when you see it. ,It's like hearing a recording of yourself and you think oh, do I sound like that? Or do I look like that? Am I really that vulnerable kind of thing? No wonder everyone helps. [laughs] It was tough to see. I didn't really see the footage until I got to the hotel and you kind of think, you know, is that how it is? They were helpful, and it sounds ungrateful almost, but it is what you think about. ,It's a lack of confidence to think people only help you because you look so vulnerable. Maybe people are just nice. And that was one of the good things about going to North Korea. People say that Londoners are quite cold and I don't find that, Londoners can be helpful, and especially if you're patient enough. And MS for me does that, it allows you to be patient. ,BETH-So what kinds of things is nice to have help for?,JITE-Probably getting in and out of cars. In London not so much, in London you kind of want to get strong. I know that I'm going to have to get in a car, and not everybody gives the same level of help, so you have to be self-sufficient. In North Korea there's no need. And I'm never going to be in North Korea again.,BETH-How did the access pan out? Because that was the big mystery wasn't it really? I mean, you had no idea.,JITE-It was just people lifting me. Only one place, the museum was difficult. ,BETH-Your guides would just pick you up would they? Pick up your wheelchair.,JITE-Yeah, with me in it.,BETH-Wow, and you're like six foot plus aren't you?,JITE-Yeah. ,BETH-How fair was your MS when you were out there?,JITE-For me you tend to pace yourself, so fatigue is a problem, because it's such long days and it's all the time. I got tired and my symptoms got worse. The eyesight, so I couldn't really take that many photos of the place because I couldn't see at all. You'd be driving past something and oh, that would make a good photo, but you can't really stop because it's just such a pain to get out of the car, get your wheelchair. But otherwise you just couldn't see. ,BETH-Was that worrying or were you kind of prepared?,JITE-I don't think I was prepared, and I think that's partly the problem. If I knew how difficult it was then I probably would have been more anxious about it. If you have to do it you do it. A lot of people with MS have depression. I know that could be a problem so I face it before it comes. So you met this challenge? Oh that's a good thing. You did chemo? Oh, that's good. So when it comes to another challenge, I did this before. An example of trying to do practice walking. Yesterday I walked to the lift, so that means I can walk to the door. You know, they're small victories. So North Korea in itself, it's not the end of the story, it just helps, okay, next time I'll do something else. ,When I was younger there was more depression, I was less able to face it. As I get older I'm more aware of the signs, so there are times of lows like anyone else but they are not enduring because I'm aware that okay, I've done this bit. So anxiety's not the end of the story, but I'm anxious about maybe travelling. I'm anxious now, if I need to go out you're thinking oh, is there disabled access? Are there toilets? So there's always something to think about, but what helps with my anxiety is knowledge I think. I went online and I checked out North Korea, where I'm going to be staying, so that kind of eased it a bit. Thinking badly of it doesn't help.,BETH-So in North Korea what were your highlights and your lowlights?,JITE-The lowlights were that video of seeing myself, and the highlights were the people. Regardless of the system, communism or capitalism, the people generally, they're happy and they're helpful, they smile, and for me it's a good thing, you know, experience. Everyone's been to other places. Well when you say Pyongyang, okay, that's different. I only went for five days in Pyongyang, but for longer like ten day tours, they go outside Pyongyang. For me that would be more difficult because wheelchair access would be impossible.  ,BETH-And going full circle almost back to your stem cell therapy, did it work for you?,JITE-I think it did cognitively. The memory's improved. And people always talk about brain fog. I didn't think about it until after the treatment, because you don't realise that you are slowly getting worse. There's a difference mentally. Word finding is far better. The walking around could be better. I think they managed my expectations quite well. They said maybe it will stop the degradation, the progression of the condition. It will be a few years to kind of know. And the only way they can tell is by MRI scans. ,BETH-What kind of reaction did you get from the doctors that you see regularly?,JITE-When I said when I was going?,BETH-Yes, or when you came back. ,JITE-I mean, I didn't say I was going. I didn't tell anyone I was going because doctors would be cautious. They'd say, "No, don't do it." When I came back I spoke to one of them, I said, "I went to North Korea," he was like, oh well. ,BETH-I guess now that you're back they're really thrilled that you went, but obviously were going to be cautious.,JITE-But that's kind of what it is, the conversations that I have about North Korea. It's not about stem cell therapy. So ultimately I'm now thinking more about the positive and not necessarily like a negative, because stem cell therapy was a challenge, but it's a passive challenge, because it's something that happened to me. Going to North Korea was something I did. I don't want to be passive. Why not go out there and kind of look for stuff?,BETH-What would you have done if it had gone wrong?,JITE-Yeah, that's a good one. There were no contingency plans at all. ,BETH-I love the idea that you were a new traveller, disabled and out of money in North Korea.,JITE-Yes. [laughs]
"The World Health Organization says the official name for the disease caused by the new coronavirus is Covid-19. ,""We now have a name for the disease and it's Covid-19,"" WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told reporters in Geneva. ,It comes after the death toll from the virus passed 1,000. Tens of thousands of people have been infected.,Dr Ghebreyesus called on the world to fight the new virus as aggressively as possible.,The word coronavirus refers to the group of viruses it belongs to, rather than the latest strain. ,The virus itself , by the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses.,Researchers have been calling for an official name to avoid confusion and stigmatisation of any group or country. ,""We had to find a name that did not refer to a geographical location, an animal, an individual or group of people, and which is also pronounceable and related to the disease,"" the WHO chief said.,""Having a name matters to prevent the use of other names that can be inaccurate or stigmatising. It also gives us a standard format to use for any future coronavirus outbreaks."",The new name is taken from the words ""corona"", ""virus"" and ""disease"", with 2019 representing the year that it emerged (the outbreak was reported to the WHO on 31 December).,There are now more than 42,200 confirmed cases across China. ,On Monday, some 103 people died in Hubei province alone, a daily record, and the national death toll is now 1,016.,But the number of new infections nationally was down almost 20% from the day before, from 3,062 to 2,478.,In recent days, Chinese authorities have increasingly been criticised for their handling of the crisis when the cases first emerged. ,The death of a doctor whose early warnings were suppressed by authorities sparked widespread public anger.,Beijing has now ""removed"" several senior officials over their actions to control the disease.,The party secretary for the Hubei Health Commission, and the head of the commission, were among those who lost their jobs. They are the most senior officials to be demoted so far.,The central government has also sent a team from its highest anti-corruption agency to Hubei to investigate the treatment of Dr Li by police.,Scientists from around the world are meeting in Geneva to discuss ways to combat the outbreak.,Dr Ghebreyesus of the WHO said there was still a realistic chance of containing the disease if enough resources were devoted to the fight.,He praised the measures being taken in China, which he said were ""slowing the spread to the rest of the world"".,The US Federal Reserve meanwhile has warned that disruption to the Chinese economy could spill over and affect the rest of the world.,SHOULD WE WORRY? ,YOUR QUESTIONS: ,WHAT YOU CAN DO: ,UNDERSTANDING THE SPREAD: ,LIFE UNDER LOCKDOWN: ,ECONOMIC IMPACT: ,.,Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways: ,Or use the form below:,If you are happy to be contacted by a BBC journalist please leave a telephone number that we can
                        contact you on. In some cases a selection of your comments will be published, displaying your name as
                        you provide it and location, unless you state otherwise. Your contact details will never be published.
                        When sending us pictures, video or eyewitness accounts at no time should you endanger yourself or others,
                        take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws. Please ensure you have read the terms and conditions."
A total of 148 tests have now been carried out on people in Scotland suspected of having the new form of coronavirus.,The Scottish government said that all results had so far been negative .,The figure represents an increase of 42 since the day before and an increase of 66 since Tuesday.,Meanwhile, , "a member of our university community" is in precautionary self-isolation.,The university said it remained open and promised to tell students and staff once the results of tests are known.,University Secretary Ann Marie Dalton-Pillay added: "The health and wellbeing of our students, staff and visitors is of paramount importance and I would like to offer reassurance that nothing has been confirmed at this time.",The latest figures on Scottish testing came after China reported a significant jump in the number of people suffering from the disease, Covid-19.,It also said there had been a further 242 deaths in the province of Hubei.,The Scottish government statement said the declaration by the World Health Organisation (WHO) of a public health emergency of international concern "does not mean that the risk to individuals has increased, and it does not mean that any additional precautions are necessary".,The four chief medical officers in the UK have raised the risk level from low to moderate.,The statement adds: "The change reflects the need for governments and the health service to escalate planning and preparation in case of a more widespread outbreak.",Across the UK, 2,521 people have been tested for Covid-19 so far, with 2,512 confirmed as negative and nine positive.,When Covid-19 became a global issue the full machinery of planning and co-ordination was activated through the Scottish government Resilience Organisation or Scottish Government Resilience Room (SGoRR) and Cobra (COBR) at UK level. They are the two governments methods of taking control in a time of emergency or emergency planning. ,In Scotland, this includes daily advice from the chief medical officer (CMO) for Scotland who co-ordinates with her counterparts in the other three nations of the UK.,Public information is key to avoid panic and mis-information, so the Scottish government and the CMO control the message in Scotland.,We have seen that message become more cautious over the past week. Patients awaiting a test result have always been told to self-isolate at home unless they are medically unwell. In the event of a positive test they would continue to recover at home unless they needed medical treatment. ,However they have moved to a more "conservative" approach to provide extra reassurance - the first confirmed patients in Scotland will now be treated and isolated in an infection-controlled area.,In that case there are around 100 very high isolation beds in Scotland but in fact any single room in any hospital could be used as isolation, or wards could be created with infection control measures in place. ,As the number of people who could potentially have been in contact with someone who has the virus has increased, so have the number of tests being carried out. This is now being done in Scotland. ,Any positive results would then be sent to England for corroboration. So far, that hasn't happened. But we have been repeatedly told to expect the virus in Scotland any day.,Along with the figures on deaths in Hubei, the Chinese authorities said there had been an increase in the number of cases, with 14,840 people diagnosed with Covid-19.,Hubei has started using a broader definition to diagnose people - which accounts for most of the rise in cases.,The new cases and deaths in the province have pushed the national death figure in China above 1,350 - with almost 60,000 infections in total.,WHO says it is seeking "further clarity" from China about the changes to how cases of the virus are being confirmed.,Health officials in England are attempting to trace the contacts of the latest person to be diagnosed with coronavirus in the UK.,The woman, being treated at Guy's and St Thomas' in London, flew into Heathrow from China a few days ago.,Meanwhile, more than 80 people who stayed in accommodation at Arrowe Park Hospital in Merseyside for two weeks have left after testing negative for the new strain of coronavirus.,They are one of two groups of British nationals evacuated from Wuhan, with the second quarantined near Milton Keynes.,The head of NHS England, Sir Simon Stevens, has said many , as part of efforts to stop the coronavirus spreading in Britain.,The official name for the new coronavirus was announced in Geneva by WHO Director-General Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus.,"We had to find a name that did not refer to a geographical location, an animal, an individual or group of people, and which is also pronounceable and related to the disease," he said.,"Having a name matters to prevent the use of other names that can be inaccurate or stigmatizing. It also gives us a standard format to use for any future coronavirus outbreaks.",The Covid-19 name is made up of four elements:
The coronavirus outbreak in China has provided fertile ground for conspiracy theories and misinformation on the web everywhere, but in Russia they are being spread on primetime news programmes.,Russian TV is also unique in having a consistent overall thrust: that shadowy Western elites and especially the US are somehow ultimately to blame.,One of main national TV networks, Channel One, has even launched a regular slot devoted to coronavirus conspiracy theories on its main evening news programme, Vremya ("Time").,The style of the reporting is ambiguous, appearing to debunk the theories while leaving viewers with the impression that they contain a kernel of truth.,One of the wilder ideas aired by Vremya recently is that the presence of the word "corona", which means crown in both Latin and Russian, in the word coronavirus hints that Donald Trump is somehow involved.,Apparently, this is because he used to preside over beauty pageants, handing the winners their crowns.,In fact, scientists named the virus because of of its crown-like shape, but Vremya's presenter warns against rejecting the idea all too soon.,"Utter nonsense, you'll say, and I'd agree with you, if it were not for what's in our correspondent's report," he says.,The subsequent video does admit the crown theory is a "strange construct", but uncritically presents an expert who says that the Chinese coronavirus strain has been artificially created, and that US intelligence agencies or American pharmaceutical companies are behind it.,The report also rehashes , by Kremlin media and officials that the US ran a laboratory in Georgia where it tested a biological weapon on humans.,The Channel One correspondent then quotes online conspiracy theories that the novel coronavirus strain affects only Asians and could be some kind of "ethnic bioweapon".,He concedes that there is clear evidence refuting this, but adds suggestively: "Even experts who are cautious in their assessments say that nothing can be ruled out.",Coronavirus conspiracy theories have also featured heavily on Channel One's main political talk show, Vremya Pokazhet (Time Will Tell), only more openly than on news programmes.,The gist is to suggest that various Western actors - pharmaceutical companies, the US or its agencies - are somehow involved in helping to create or spread the virus, or at least in spreading panic about it.,The aim is variously said to be - in the case of "Big Pharma" - to profit from creating a vaccine against the coronavirus or, in the case of the US, to hit the Chinese economy in order to weaken a geopolitical competitor.,Away from the TV screens, the coronavirus outbreak appears to be causing serious concern among Russian officials.,Rail and air traffic to China have been curtailed, and Russians evacuated from China have been quarantined for two weeks in a Siberian sanatorium.,A church in Moscow has even held a service to pray for salvation from the coronavirus.,Fear or the virus appears to reach all the way to the top.,Russian daily Vedomosti reports that Kremlin has introduced temperature checks for those attending events with President Vladimir Putin, in what spokesman Dmitry Peskov has called a "precautionary measure".  
A range of stories feature on the front pages of Tuesday's newspapers.,Confirmation that China's new strain of corona virus can be passed from human to human makes many papers., the news has fuelled anxiety about the prospect of a "full-fledged outbreak", while the Financial Times quotes the first statement of the Chinese President Xi Jinping on the crisis - calling for all steps to be taken to contain the virus.,"Hall over now" is , on the announcement that the BBC's director general, Tony Hall is to step down after seven years in the job. ,Its leader suggests that he'll be remembered as "the BBC boss who betrayed over-75s" by stripping them of the free licences "he promised to" fund. , is among many papers to speculate on possible contenders to succeed Lord Hall - publishing a list of seven "runners and riders". More than half on the list are female, as the newspaper ponders "will a woman be next?" , paints a bleak picture. "The BBC needs to change to survive," it claims, as it suggests that the new DG will face a "monumental" task, with the future of the BBC less clear than ever. ,Meanwhile, in the newspaper's front page Matt cartoon, corporation staff are shown having a whip-round for the departing Lord Hall. The accompanying caption reads: "A fiver for men and a tenner for women".  ,"Royal Peter for hire in China" , as the constitutional headache created by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex continues to fascinate. ,The paper claims it can exclusively reveal "in a fresh twist to the row" that the son of Princess Anne - Peter Phillips - is using his royal connections to sell milk on Chinese TV. According to the Mail, Mr Phillips did not respond to questions, including as to whether he was paid, and Buckingham Palace declined to comment., carries a front page photo of Meghan and baby Archie out for a walk in a Canadian Park yesterday as Harry left the UK to join them. ,A full picture spread follows - showing the duchess walking two dogs - followed at a short distance by two protection officers. ,Under the headline "terrorists to be denied early release from prison", , details of what it describes as the government's "crackdown" on terrorism which will see stricter controls and tougher punishments for the most dangerous offenders.,"Boris blitz on terror" is the Metro's take as it sets out how lie detectors could be used to check terrorists have genuinely reformed before they are released from prison.,But , a note of caution on suggestions that the detectors could also be used to establish whether released offenders have broken the conditions of their parole.  ,Professor David Canter of Liverpool University points out for the benefit of the paper's readers, that polygraph tests aren't 100% foolproof - and that the findings from such tests aren't admissible in courts as evidence. ,The front page of , there are grounds for "growing optimism" over Britain's economic outlook.,It reports a new assessment by the International Monetary Fund that the British economy will grow faster than that of any other major European country this year and next if there's an orderly Brexit. The forecast marks a contrast with the IMF's global predictions. ,Under the headline "downbeat IMF outlook diverts Davos focus from climate goals", , forecasts for global economic growth for this year and next have been cut - casting a shadow over the opening of the World Economic Forum in Switzerland.   ,Meanwhile, the Times also reports that the health watchdog has been forced to retract 38 inspection reports into care and nursing homes, mainly in the north of England, after finding that significant sections of them had been "faked".,The same patient quotes and other duplicate material were found in 78 reports. ,Some were allowed to stand after the copied and pasted material was removed - but re-inspections have had to be ordered for nearly 40 homes. ,The Care Quality Commission tells the paper that it had identified three individuals who were responsible - and immediately removed them from inspection activity. ,Many papers ponder the enormous political headache being created by the HS2 project. , in detail not only the spiralling costs of the line, but also that those funds could provide 200 flagship hospitals, or 1.7 million social homes - as much a stated priority for the government as narrowing the North-South divide.  ,Hugo Gye's analysis in the i newspaper is blunt: "Johnson has sat on the fence for long enough". ,He says while the spiralling costs of HS2 had been common knowledge for months, Mr Johnson had avoided making a call on its future ahead of the general election, knowing a decision either way would anger thousands.,Now, says Gye, the PM cannot walk the tightrope much longer and must face a major test rather than "ducking divisive decisions".     ,"Chelsea's potty idea" is , of a new houseplant category to be introduced by the Royal Horticultural Society at its famously glamorous London show this May.  ,RHS Director Helena Pettit advises cheerily: "People are increasingly recognising the benefits of indoor greenery." ,But the paper smells a rat, not roses. It paints the change as a bid to appeal to millennials who live in cities and don't have a garden.,The curious hunt for the "Devon turnip tosser" - as one headline puts it - features across many tabloids and broadsheets. , that Devon and Cornwall Police are looking for a "prolific vegetable thrower" who's attacked motorists from a bridge over a main road near Torquay 17 times since November. ,Swedes, mangel wurzels and turnips "the size of footballs" have all been weaponised, according to officers. They say whoever's responsible has to be caught before a tragedy occurs.   
